📌 Memory Management
➡ Two Types of Memory Management:
Manual Memory Management
Garbage Collector


1️⃣ Manual Memory Management:
C language is the best example of manual memory management.
In C, developers need to allocate and deallocate the memory by themselves, which leads to:
Dangling pointers
Memory issues
It is hard for beginners to understand memory management in C, so the learning curve is high.
2️⃣ Garbage Collector:
Examples: Java, JavaScript.

In these types of languages, developers do not need to worry about manual memory management because the language itself is designed to clean up memory that is no longer in use.
Garbage Collector runs periodically to delete unused data from RAM.


📌 Here Comes the Rust Way of Dealing with Memory Management:
Rust has a unique way of dealing with memory management.
It introduces unique concepts called Ownership and Borrowing, which make Rust memory safe.
Rust checks all memory issues at compile time.


📌 Mutability:
In every language, there are two types of variables:

Mutable (Can be changed)
Immutable (Cannot be changed after declaration)
In Rust, all variables are immutable by default, but we can still use the mut keyword to make them mutable.

This mutability concept ensures that the program runs faster because we tell the compiler in advance whether values can be changed or not.

This allows multiple threads to access the data at the same time, improving performance.

--Stack (LIFO) and Heap:
Stack and Heap are very important in terms of storing temporary data of any executing program.

Stack stores the address of the data stored in Heap.

Analogy:

The Stack is like a home address (points to a location).
The Heap is like the actual house (stores the data, which can change in size).
Sometimes, the house may have more members, sometimes fewer—this represents dynamic memory allocation.
Rust uses Stack and Heap for:

Memory safety (done via Ownership and Borrowing)
Speed
Preventing race conditions

If the string is updating at the run time then it is stored in the heap.Heap stores strings and vectors.
Stack stores numbers,booleans and arrays[which are of fixed size].

Stack incase of a string stores the length,capacity and pointers which is pointed to the address where the value of the 
string is located in the heap.....

Heap is slow compared to Stack..


Ownership:

Ownership rules are introduced for doing memory management in Rust
There is no problem for numbers and booleans as they are stored in stack as their type and values are known at compile time.
But for strings and vectors;they are stored in heap but the adrress of the pointer is stored in stack.

NOw we will deep dive into ownershoip rules:
every string must have  only single owner once the variable grts out of scope it gets cleared from the heap.


Borrowing:

Borrowing is an important concept which removes erroes like dangling pointers and  meamory leaks....
If you have a value stored in a variable(owner).You can have have mutltive variables (borrowers) which uses the owner's adress as the owner is 
immutable.
its like group policy insurance youy have main policy holder and others are sub policy holders.
As only main applicant can change the policy 
details but not sub policy holder.

But in case of mutable strings,it is completely different...
If you have a value stored in a variable(i.e,,String) which is mutable.then you cant have multiple borrowers.It stops the
developer to create more varoables and keeps showing an error.
It can have only one owner and one borraower at a time.If you have two borrowers at a time, if tow of them wants edit or mutate
the string at at time it leads to an error and if one wants to delete it and after deleting it other wants to access,it clearly an 
endpoint because it will access other data at that address which leads to memeory leak...

Structs:

Structs is the custom data structure where we can store may key-pair values which are known as feilds(in rust )
but in js they are known as attributes and struct can be compared to objects in js.
